docs: Update outdated links & broken anchors (#35181)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api-testing-python.md

### Setup and teardown

> These tests assume that repository exists. You probably want to create a new one before running tests and delete it afterwards. Use a [session fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/example/special.html) for that. The part before `yield` is the before all and after is the after all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests assume that repository exists. You probably want to create a new one before running tests and delete it afterwards. Use a [session fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/how-to/fixtures.html#fixture-scopes) for that. The part before `yield` is the before all and after is the after all.
```
